Let's go to our final exercise and
this exercise is on actors.
So we have two types of actors
that we talked about, or
rather behaviors which is this callback
behavior over here creates fake audio.
And this is something that you don't
really need to know too much about
the implementation details.
But this createFakeAudio is gonna
create something that feels just like
the audio interface that you
get with the Web Audio API.
So this is just a fake shell for that.
And so our invokeAudio is gonna be that
callback actor that we talked about.
So we have sendBack and receive.
And so this actor can receive a play
event which causes it to play and
it could receive a pause event which
causes it to call its pause method.
And the audio or
at least our fake audio interface
also has an addEventListener
method with timeUpdate.
And so this is useful because it
gives us both the current time and
the duration of the audio which is
both useful information that we could
incorporate directly
into our state machine.
So that's invokeAudio,
we also have loadSong which
loads a new song every second.
So now you'd no longer have to
do that loaded event manually.
We're gonna be invoking a promise instead.
And this promise is pretty simple,
you could easily replace
this with a fetch function.
It's going to give us the data of
the song, the title, artist, and
the duration after one second.
And it's just incrementing
the song counter and
having a random duration for each song.
So we want to do two main
things in this machine.
In this loading state,
we want to invoke that promise.
And in onDone, we want to go back
to that ready.hyst.state that we
defined in the previous lesson.
Now in the ready state, this is where
we want to invoke the audio callback.
Because up until this moment,
we've been defining
the behavior of playing, paused,
and also it going finished.
But of course without side effects which
is this invoking of the audio callback,
our media player really does nothing.
So we want it to actually do something and
that's where invoking that callback,
which is that invokeAudio function,
comes into handy.
[COUGH] So
there is also the two things over here
where we want to send events
to that invoked audio
actor which again is an invoked callback.
So this playAudio actually
needs to be an action
that sends the play
events to that playAudio.
And the pauseAudio action
should be an action that sends
the pause event to the audio.
And remember you could send an event or
create that action object using send and
the events and
to the invoked ID, or
the invoked actor ID.